Talk about SuperReps learnings

So, this is the vibe engineer app I was trying to build to test, just to build for fun. The app was about a fitness app. Yeah, I first started with it. I wanted to play with it. I tried to clone the HPA at CV by Heavy app, and I wanted to have more things that are more curated or personalized to me. Yeah, I know everything was there in the app, but I just wanted to wipe the code and have all the pro features in my app. So, I tried to build this thing with the help of AI, and I was trying to also understand how far the AI could let me go, with all this thing, from designing the UI to implementing the code to fixing the issues, and how well AI did in all the iterations of the UI. Because it seems really easy on paper, just give it the design and let it build. But when it comes to having a nicely designed UI, from let's say, example A cloud design, and then putting it to the agent, and trying to integrate with the backend. So, lots of things were dropped. The UI is there, but the feature is not working, and the UX, the simplicity, everything is missing. So, we have to refine it screen by screen. Not a single prompt is going to do the magic for me. So, designing the UI with the user experience was the real challenge, and it took a lot of time. It is still taking a lot of time. It was not any boilerplate stuff where an agent can quickly design the stuff, and yeah, so it is able to design stuff separately, but make it useful. Every feature is working properly, the start to end transition of a flow, it is working after the implementation, how it is able to test it or not. So, more so, all that learning, all the challenges I have faced, so I wanted to highlight this thing.
