So, I have created an iPhone shortcut. This is just an idea use case that you could think of. I basically set up the shortcut, created the steps. What it is going to allow is, in my notes application, I have my transcript to the talk that I wanted to give. It's in the raw form, but I also know that I want to structure these slides in a certain way. I have learned how to include which points and how to structure it, and those points were kept written somewhere. Whenever I wanted to create the slide, I utilized both the information and tried to generate the slides. But with today's AI, why do this thing? Most of the time, the problem is with the behavior, so the raw idea never gets to the polished slide or it gets too procrastinated to create the slides. It's a high effort, and our brain tends to be lazy on that stuff and procrastinate it. So, it's just a small thing, a small idea. To remove this hurdle, what I did is I created my custom prompt with the structure I wanted, always. It's my layout, what points should be there, what points not to be there, how to select the title, the main slide, and each section, and how to do the whole presentation layout, basically. So, that's already written in my prompt, and whatever learnings I have got through to create a good slide, I have given it to the cloud directly to the prompt, and using it, basically. I used the ChatGPT. I'm on an iPhone 15 Pro Max. So, you just copy, so basically, how it works is, I have created the shortcut. The shortcut takes the input from your notes. So, you drag and share with that shortcut, and it will give you a structured layout slide, slide layout with your customization. That's an idea that I automated. There could be more use cases that you can think of. So, I have used it in this way. So, what's your, how you are going to utilize this thing. With the knowledge I have shared, so how are you going to use it.
